学科核心素养视角下的高中英语批判性阅读教学研究
学生英语批判性阅读能力后测试卷
阅读理解 (共15小题；每小题2分，满分30分)
请认真阅读下列短文，从短文后各题所给的A、B、C、D四个选项中，选出最佳选项。
                                                A
                            What a Little Love Means to a Little One
    For too many, the damage begins early in life. Four out of 10 infants (婴儿) born in the United 
States do not form a strong bond (关系) with either parent, and they will pay for that the rest of 
their lives.
    New research from Princeton University confirms what other researchers have already found: The 
number of babies born into families that are too poorly equipped to give them a fair chance of having 
a successful life is extremely big.
    That finding is supported by many other research projects, including a study from the University 
of Rochester showing that nearly one-third of U.S. parents don't know what to expect from their newborns, 
or how to help them grow and learn and get along with others. Babies, as others have pointed out, 
don't come with an owner's manual.The basic problem, according to the Princeton study, is 40 percent 
of infants in the U.S. live in fear or distrust of their parents, and that will turn into aggressiveness (侵犯), 
defiance (挑衅) and hyperactivity (多动) as they grow into adults.
    Of that number, 25 percent don't bond with their parents because the parents aren't responding 
to their needs. And a tragic 15 percent find their parents so troubling that they will avoid them 
whenever possible.
    That will not necessarily result in a lifetime of violence, but it will make living a successful 
life much more difficult.
    “They can overcome it,” sociologist Sophie Moullin of Princeton, lead author of that study, said 
in a telephone interview. “It's not a make or break situation, but they might find it harder to control 
their behavior.”
    Moullin, along with coauthors from Columbia University and the University of Bristol in England, 
analyzed more than 100 research projects, to reach their conclusions.
    Many factors contribute to the problem, including poverty, ignorance (无知), and stress among parents 
who are so busy with their own problems that a new child is sometimes more than they can handle.
    Yet strong bonds, the researchers say, are amazingly simple to achieve.

1. According to the writing style of the passage, it may be a(n) _______.
A. news report      B. argument      C. essay        D. debate
2. What is the meaning of the underlined word “manual”?
A. An expert who tells you how to take care of a baby.
B. A book that tells you how to do or operate something.
C. A TV show that tells you how to bond with your baby.
D. A radio program explaining how to look after your baby.
3. What may be discussed in the following paragraph?
A. Findings of other similar project concerning this topic.
B. Examples of the consequences of lacking strong bonds.
C. Simple ways of achieving strong bonds with an infant.
D. Reasons for failing in building up strong bonds with a child.
                                     
                                                B
    Stopping teens from smoking is a big challenge many communities face today. Many communities can 
only watch without being able to act while local businesses continue to sell tobacco products to 
children, even under the risk of punishment by law.
    Recent studies show that a large percentage of teens today are getting their cigarettes from 
stores, mostly gas stations or convenience stores. As teens continue to be able to buy their own 
cigarettes, more and more communities begin to punish those who sell cigarettes to the teens.
    One community has experienced success in their attempts to stop the sale of tobacco products to 
children. Woodridge, Illinois, started a program seven years ago which forbade and strictly punished 
the sale of tobacco products to children. The entire program includes local licensing of vendors (小贩), 
repeated undercover inspections to see if the sale to children has stopped, and education programs in 
schools. Woodridge has become a model community as other community are moving to stop teen tobacco use.
    A recent national study showed that 36.5% of females, and 40.8% of males buy their cigarettes from 
stores, whether it is a gas station or a supermarket. Hopefully, as more and more sellers see the 
trouble they face if caught selling to children, they will stop selling.
    True, tightening down on stores that sell tobacco to children isn’t going to completely stop the 
problem of teen tobacco use. Teens continue to get them from other sources. But it definitely does 
prevent their efforts. With more education in schools, and perhaps stronger punishments for teens caught 
with tobacco, more and more teens will see the problems with the tobacco usage, and will stop the habit.

4. To stop teens from smoking, more and more communities are _______.
A. punishing teens caught with tobacco more severely
B. punishing those who sell cigarettes to teens more severely
C. educating those who sell cigarettes about the danger of teen smoking
D. stopping the sale of tobacco products in stores
5. Which of the following is NOT a way Woodridge uses to stop tobacco sale to children?
A. Stronger punishment of teens caught smoking.                    
B. Repeated undercover inspections.
C. Education programs in schools.                               
D. Local licensing to tobacco sale.       
6. It can be inferred from the passage that _______.
A. teens can only buy cigarettes from gas stations and convenience stores
B. more communities have succeeded in stopping teen tobacco use
C. Punishment alone cannot solve the problem of teen tobacco use
D. More males than females have the habit of smoking in America
7. What attitude does the writer have towards stopping teen tobacco abuse?
A. Negative      B. Uncaring       C. Uncertain        D. Optimistic 

                                                C
    Living abroad to study can certainly be an interesting experience but is that alone a good enough 
reason for spending years far away from home? To make the experience truly worthwhile, there has to be 
a goal behind the decision to study abroad. This may be a wish to perfect language skills in a foreign 
language environment, or a clever move in your career development. You must also consider the costs, not 
just of living and studying abroad, but of applying. Most universities now charge application fees for 
international students.
    If after considering these points you are sure that you want to apply to study abroad, your next 
step is to choose the right program of studies. Research your choices and select carefully. You must 
do your homework well. Most universities have information online but you can also email and ask them 
to send you more details. You can find a lot of information on school ranking from education websites. 
But read carefully. Different universities emphasize different strengths. Don’t just think about the 
university’s reputation (名声); look for the most suitable for your goals.
    Next, you must deal with a large pile of paperwork. This involves filling in application form, 
preparing your school records, and getting reference letters. Reading the instructions and requirements 
of the universities carefully is of great importance. Sadly, many fine applicants get kicked out in the 
first round, simply because they don’t follow the application procedure properly.
    Money is another important consideration. Some scholarships are provided by governments, others by 
schools and colleges. This information, again, can be found on the Internet. If you find a scholarship 
that is suitable for you, follow the application procedure carefully; the earlier you apply, the better 
your chance of getting it.

8. According to the article, studying abroad is truly worthwhile because _______.
A. it is an interesting experience                                               B. it is fun to travel around the world
C. it is an opportunity to develop your career    D. all your friends are doing so
9. A school ranking list tells you _______.
A. how much the courses cost                                                     B. the names of all the professors
C. how good the school is compared to others              D. where the school is located
10. What are the three basic steps when you apply?
A. Buy an airplane ticket, read the instructions and requirements, and study.
B. Prepare reference letters, prepare school records, and fill in the application form.
C. Prepare school records, do paperwork, and work hard.
D. Write a reference letter, do paperwork, and study.
11. The underlined phrase “get kicked out in the first round” in Paragraph 3 means _______.
A. fail to get to the next round                                                  B. lose money in the first round
C. get accepted in the next round                                              D. get kicked by a professor

                                                D
    There are two types of people in the world. Although they have equal degree of health and wealth
and other comforts of life, one becomes happy, the other becomes unhappy. This results from the different 
ways in which they consider things, persons, events and the resulting effects upon their minds.
    People who are to be happy fix their attention on the convenience of things: the pleasant parts of 
conversation, the well prepared dishes, the goodness of the wine, the fine weather. They enjoy all the 
cheerful things. Those who are to be unhappy think and speak only of the opposite things. Therefore, 
they are continually dissatisfied. By their words, they sour the pleasure of society, offend (hurt) 
many people, and make themselves unwelcome everywhere. If this state of mind is founded in nature, 
such unhappy person would be the more to be shown sympathy. The intention (意图) of criticizing (批评) 
and being disliked is perhaps taken up by imitation (模仿). It grows into a habit, unknown to its owners.
The habit may be strong, but it may be cured when those who have it realize its bad effects on their 
interests and tastes. I hope this little warning may be of service to them, and help them change this habit.
    Although in fact it is chiefly an act of the imagination, it has serious results in life since 
it brings on deep sorrow and bad luck. Those people hurt many others. Nobody loves them, and no one 
treats them with more than the most common politeness and respect. This often puts them in a bad mood 
and draws them into arguments. If they want to get some advantages in social position or money, nobody 
wishes them success. Nor will anyone start a step of speaking a word to favor their hopes. If they bring 
on themselves public objections (反对), no one will defend or excuse them, and many will join to criticize 
their wrong doings. These should change this bad habit and be pleased with what is pleasing, without 
worrying needlessly about themselves and others. If they do not, it will be good for others to avoid 
any contact with them. Otherwise, it can be disagreeable and sometimes very inconvenient, especially 
when one becomes mixed up in their quarrels.

12. People who are unhappy _______.
A. always see the unpleasant side of certain things
B. are usually born with the criticizing qualities.
C. usually misunderstand what others think or say
D. always dislike and quarrel with happy people
13. The phrase “sour the pleasure of society” most nearly means “__________”.
A. have a good taste with social life                  B. tend to scold others openly
C. make others unhappy                                                   D. enjoy the pleasure of life
14. If such unhappy person insists on keeping the habit, the author suggests people should _______.
A. quarrel with them until they realize it    B. show no respect and politeness to them
C. help them to recognize the bad effects   D. prevent any communication with them
15. In this passage, the writer mainly _______.
A. describes two types of people
B. laughs at the unhappy people
C. tells people how to be happy in life
D. suggests the unhappy people should get rid of the habits of unhappiness

阅读理解答案
A篇: 1 -3 ABC  B篇: 4-7 BACD    C篇: 8-11 CCBA  D篇: 12-15  ACDD